# Historical-Intraday-Suppliers

[PortaraCQG](https://portaracqg.com/) is a staple CQG product providing CQG Datafactory data to hedge funds, CTA’s quants and traders globally.  Portara allows the extraction of [continuous intraday data](https://portaracqg.com/continuous-futures-data/) and individual data down to the 1 minute resolution. Data output is homogenous ASCII/CSV/TXT is platform neutral and is guaranteed to operate through any database solution. Portara and CQG have the largest reach of data access globally covering all futures FX and cash market exchanges.
### Four Integrated Databases:
Portara provides up to 123 years of historical daily futures data from 1899. Portara daily database contain FIVE price points so you can base the close on either Last Price or Settle. Portara has historical intraday futures data starting from 1983 and also has historical tick data and level 1 futures data covering global markets.  CQG data integrity department ensures the data is clean and hedge fund ready half hour after markets close.
### Accessibility & Awards: 
Portara's infrastructure has been built in collaboration with CQG to solve the huge cost burden associated typically with institutional database modelling of this nature. Portara's $10m CQG Datafactory databases are available via flexible subscriptions and one-off data dumps 100x fold less in cost than conventional CQG Data Factory purchases. Portara has many of the world's top CTA's, banks and hedge funds who have Portara integrated into their daily trading solutions. Portara has won [Best Futures Data Provider](https://portaracqg.com/2018/09/20/best-long-time-historical-intraday-data/) award FOUR times voted by industry leaders and Hedge Fund Magazine.
